Please reade so that you can use [backup](../../../backups/20250630_181221) for latest data tables, fields, cognito, S3 that we currently have in the Amplify Sandbox. This can save round trip to AWS for information.
Please extract additional user stories from the following business flow. An account executive (AE) working at the back office of RealTechee is usually the starting point. The start of the workflow would be with a notification that the AE will receive after new request has been submitted. The AE should navigate directly to the new request (link should be in the notification, e.g. `/admin/requests/78b79a83-0d6a-4e5c-b62e-468329a334c8`). AE can also login with his credential, and navigate to the admin page. on the admin dashboard, the AE should be able to see tasks assigned to him (tasks assignment is via the Projects, Quotes, Requests tables, where each record has an assignedTo field. We may need to revisit task management system for optimization of tasks, assignments and status, but this can be in later phase). additional implenentaion task we need to capture is that when new request is submitted, it should be assigned to a default AE configurable cia the setting page by Admin or Super Admin, and is global. We will have default contact (assigned to person) for several flows in the system, e.g. Accoutant, Underwriting, project manager etc. 
Currently we have dynamo table for AssignedTo (BackOfficeAssignTo) but this might need to get revisit if this is the best practice to manage permissions. In general we want to be able to assign tasks to RealTechee and office staff. This mean that `Assigned To` field on all the forms should be a dropdown for assignable office staff. We need simple yet flexible and easy to maintain system that allow assignments by roles. This mean that AE would have different assignable tasks than accountant would or project manager would. For MLP it can be simplfied with option to expand later.
Once new request is assigned to AE, he will visit the admin page for this requets (e.g. `/admin/requests/78b79a83-0d6a-4e5c-b62e-468329a334c8`) and start work the case. First task is to validate that all information is added correct. This usually will be when AE will contact the agent directly and collect this information as well as look online (website like zillow, redfin etc.). We need to make sure page is editable (no need to limit to specific ID like we had during dev). Product should be a dropdown (options from BackOfficeProducts table). From discussion with the agent budget is required before quote for this request can be generated. AE should validate the remaining fields, and add any additional images or document to be stored in the Request record. AE can and advised to add any addition `Office Notes`, and select if financing is needed (checkbox). On the form, AE should also be able to update / edit / create contact and propoerty infomation (probably in modal dialof form, but should be reusable since we will have similar needs for editing contacts or propoerties for Quotes and Projects - coming in next phases). AE will also confirm if there is a request for in-person visit or virtual tour, he should see and be able to edit on the screen, and be able to confirm date and time of the visit. If visit (in-person or virtual) is request, AE will offline validate with Project Manager time and date and update the form. Action button will get added to the Project admin page to send meeting confirmation notification to agent and project manager. Request should log the Project Manager to perform the visit and status should get updated. A task will get created for project manager to visit and the request details and link. Available Request statuses is in table BackOfficeRequestStatuses and has order to show the state machine flow of a request. When request is created status is fine to stay as "Submitted", when AE start working on the request (e.g. first update of information) it should be moved to status "New". When visit is scheduled or waiting for additional information from agent status should be "Pending walk-thru".
We should use dropdown for: Product, Lead Source, Assigned To, Relation to Property.
Project Manager visit information should be added to Office Notes and images and document uploaded to the Request.
Once all information is collected and ready for quoting there should be an action button enabled (was disabled until all information is collected) to create Quote. Clicking on this action new Quote will get created and information from the Request will carry over to the quote. i.e. contacts, property, budget, office notes, link to request, attachments (media and documents), and any additional information that can help creating the quote. status of the request will then be "Pending walk-thru".
If after collecting the infomation it not going to convert to quote opportunity AE can archive is (this will set status to Archive). 
If system is pending information from the agent and he is not responsive, it will be considered as "dead lead" and status will be marked as "Expired". Unresponsive is considered that no update to this request for over 14 days.
Archived or Expired quote can change status back to new and AE can continue to work the case if the new information came up.
Request record has multiple dates to log state change for analytics and record, so these need to get updated with the changes to the record. These dates / event are also carried over to the quote if one created. These dates are system generated (generated by the event) and not editable by user. The date would also record the last date for a specific event.
Please capture user stories from this flow, and generate tasks milestones and phases. Also make sure these flow are complete and no gaps / holes, and if any questions provide options and recommendation for my choice.

Todos
  ⎿ ☒ Create user story 02: Default AE Assignment System                   
     ☒ Create user story 03: AE Request Detail Page Enhancement
     ☒ Create user story 04: Contact & Property Management Modal
     ☒ Create user story 05: Meeting Scheduling & Project Manager Assignment
     ☒ Create user story 06: Request Status State Machine
     ☒ Create user story 07: Lead Lifecycle Management
     ☒ Create user story 08: Quote Creation from Request
     ☒ Create user story 09: Flexible Assignment System by Role